README.md, before:

# pycvs
A python client for CVS repositories.

Yeah, I know that CVS is a hundred years old, but sometimes you are stick to work with it. This utility is your best buddy to help you out! :)


Dependencies
------------

It runs only on Python 3 and depends on some libraries (available at PyPi):

* pexpect>=4.*


Supported commands
------------------

This contains the current supported commands:

Checkout a brand new repository:

    % ./pycvs.py checkout <repo>
    Checking out repository repo

    385 files checked out
    70 directories checked out

Get current status of a repository:

    % cd my_repo
    % ./pycvs.py status
    On branch HEAD
    Untracked files:
     (use cvs add <file>... to add them for commit)

      	bla

    Changes staged for commit:
     (use cvs commit... to check them in)

    	./my_script.py

Add new files to repository. It works recursively:

    % cd my_repo
    % ./pycvs.py add foo/
    Directory foo added
    	staging foo/bla to commit
    	staging foo/ble to commit

Commit message:

Adding an install section to README file.
Also, updating requirements.txt for less strict versioning.

README.md, after:

# pycvs
A python client for CVS repositories.

Yeah, I know that CVS is a hundred years old, but sometimes you are stick to work with it. This utility is your best buddy to help you out! :)


Dependencies
------------

It runs only on Python 3 and depends on some libraries (available at PyPI):

* pexpect>=4.1.0
* colorama>=0.3.7


Installation
------------

To install the package from the source:

    python setup.py install

Or to install form the PyPI (soon):

    pip install pycvs

In both options the command pycvs will be available from the command line.

Supported commands
------------------

This contains the current supported commands:

Checkout a brand new repository:

    % pycvs checkout <repo>
    Checking out repository repo

    385 files checked out
    70 directories checked out

Get current status of a repository:

    % cd my_repo
    % pycvs status
    On branch HEAD
    Untracked files:
     (use cvs add <file>... to add them for commit)

      	bla

    Changes staged for commit:
     (use cvs commit... to check them in)

    	./my_script.py

Add new files to repository. It works recursively:

    % cd my_repo
    % pycvs add foo/
    Directory foo added
    	staging foo/bla to commit
    	staging foo/ble to commit
